shane: tag line# at right may mess with type syn hl (#701)
preservim/tagbar: doc/tagbar.txt

TagbarType
    The type of a tag or scope if available.

TagbarTagLineN

>     The line num of a tag if set it on at right.

Reviewer: This needs some English copy editing.

```suggestion
    The source line number displayed to the right of each tag entry.
```

Author: um... ok, i am not native english speaker, if you felt that's better, then ok.
